1. When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

I would want to use a remote repository when I am collaborating on a project with
multiple contributors, each of which producing code from their personal devices.

2. Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

So that a local change that has not yet been committed and pushed to the remote
repository does not get lost or overwritten.

3. Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use
one instead of another?

A fork is a clone of a repository on GitHub that is created on GitHub’s servers
as opposed to locally. A clone is a copy of a local repository or a repository that
is on GitHub. A branch is an extension of an existing branch of commits, in which
new commits can be made that do not affect the official public version.

4. What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored
locally?

Having a local copy of the last known state of the remote is useful for knowing when
it is behind commits with the local and/or remote branch. It can be used to identify
which new commits have been added to the remote since it was last synced with the
remote stored locally. It also provides a way for the remote to be fully updated with
the changes made locally, by merging the new local commits with the remote stored
locally and then pushing the local remote to the remote repository on GitHub.

5. How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and
what would be harder?

I would imagine that collaborating without Git or GitHub would require a lot more
manual effort, in particular constantly checking with team members if it’s okay to
make changes to files. It would also be difficult to know how far the project has
progressed and where my current workflow fits into the rest of the team’s workflow.
This would make the development process a lot slower, inefficient, and tedious. It
is sensible to allow the computer (Git) to automate the processes that can be
automated and leave the more nuanced tasks that can be addressed by human input much
faster to the team.

6. When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master? What benefits does each approach have?

It’s good practice to make changes in a separate branch when that change needs
verifying by someone else or when you don’t want the master to be updated to
include the change. Making a change in a separate branch has the benefit of
preserving a standard state in the master while using the new branch to test new
changes that build upon the master state. These additional changes can then be added
to the master if or when suitable. Making a change in the master has the benefit of
instantly updating the main branch without the need for verification or manually
merging branches.












